I want you guys to think about how
people become successful and generally
we have this idea that success has a
formula has a formula what
right and following dr. K is a Boomer is
not the success or the formula for
success so success has a formula and it
tends to involve things like
follow-through discipline a certain
amount of just do it miss right just do
it
pogg it involves intelligence
connections networking and most recently
brain hacking body hacking life hacking
like oh my god OMG if you do all these
things you will be successful right so
like the fundamental thing like you can
take whatever you want to you like any
sort of perspective on success in the
biggest problem with perspectives on
successes that like in the West we
believe that there is one way to do it
so I know that sounds kind of simple but
like you know everyone says kind of like
you know like obviously there isn't one
way to do it but if you'd pick up if you
go to the self-help section or you go to
the business section of like a bookstore
which those are you know going out of
business and whatnot which you can't do
right now because of coca quarantines
like no book says by the way this is
only gonna work for like 20% of people
like no book says that right if you look
at any article no one says like some
some may say like this may not work for
everyone with the presumption is that
this is gonna work for like most people
and we have this idea that success has
like a particular formula and if you
read enough books or you do enough
things then you'll then you'll you'll do
a good job so I Irv a the starts from a
fundamentally different place okay I
rather starts from this idea that
success is based
on aligning individual cognitive
personality with external strategy and a
good example of like someone who sort of
does this is like myers-briggs right so
myers-briggs is a good example of
someone who believes that there isn't a
formula for success they say that if you
understand your personality type and
there are lots of different personality
types then you'll be better suited to
like be successful because you're not
playing the same game as everyone else
like you're a different character and
different characters have different
strategies for success that concept
fundamentally comes from iron either
because myers-briggs is based on Carl
Jung and Carl you of most of Carl Jung's
like coroner quote novel theories are
based on a study of like Eastern like
theory and consciousness so I Rea that
basically says like you don't
necessarily need this stuff to be
successful like you actually don't
really need this like this is not the
way to do it right and I fully believe
this because I am still lazy
I suck at follow-through I don't have
discipline I don't like to just do it
debatable whether I'm smart or not
debatable whether I have connections or
not I don't really do a whole lot of
brain hacking body hacking or life
hacking I do do a lot of that stuff sort
of but in an ir by that perspective so
the the Ayurvedic strategy for success
is to understand who you are and instead
so it has kind of three steps right
understand who you are and some of y'all
are pretty good at this and this is
where you guys mess up step number two
is don't try to be someone else see this
is where you guys screw up because when
you say I'm lazy your answer your once
you make that diagnosis of laziness your
answer becomes how do I become unlace II
your answer becomes if I'm undisciplined
how do I gain discipline you are
fundamentally trying to be something
that you're not and then
this is where step number three is like
play the hand you're dealt so what you
need is not a method to like overcome
procrastination or like a method to be
less lazy what you need to do is figure
out how can you be successful and use
your laziness as like fuel to move you
forward instead of like a hurdle to like
hold you back or like weight to hold you
back and that may sound like super super
bizarre right like how can you use
laziness for you but I still maintain
that a lack of follow-through can
actually be an advantageous attribute
and you can will kind of get to that so
now we get to the second thing okay so
like how we're are by than allopathic
medicine different okay so
so how are our brother in allopathic
medicine different so allopathic
medicine is Western medicine so let's
just compare and contrast them so higher
Viva and now we'll Pathak medicine
okay so what allopathic medicine does is
takes one thing right so let's say
sickness and then what it does is divide
it into other things physical sickness
mental sickness then what it does is
divide further let's say like cardiology
nephrology so that's like kidneys heart
kidneys and then like let's say like
orthopedic surgery right so bones and
muscles and then it takes mental health
and it divides it into addictions
depression and then it takes addictions
and it divides it further into
behavioral addictions and substance used
addictions right so like what allopathic
medicine does is it tries to like take
something big and break it apart so
you're gonna have like so for example
I'm sick and then allopathic medicine
asks okay in what way are you sick are
you sick like do you have an infection
or is this like a chronic health problem
and then if you have an infection like
what's infected or your lungs infected
is your nose infected is your stomach
infected is your is your skin infected
is your brain infected do you have
meningitis like where is the infection
okay like depending on the infection
what is the organism is that this
organism is a bad organism is that this
organism and then based on that we get
smaller and smaller and smaller so we
break things apart and we zoom in and as
we break things apart and zoom in we
sort of end up with like a discrete
disease entity we try to make disease to
be the tiniest most perfect resolution
thing that you have so you have a strap
meningitis or you have a pneumococcal
meningitis in a certain that has a
certain antibacterial scent I mean
antibacterial agent sensitivity right so
an antibiotic sensitivity and so this is
the infection this is the treatment so
in a person is not involved in that
right so like the the goal of an
allopathic of alka Pathak medicine so
the person is up here and the goal is to
get to the disease down here and that a
disease has a treatment so it doesn't
it doesn't matter whether you're like
you're you or you're me like the thing
is if you're treating a bacterial
meningitis you're treating a bacterial
meningitis the unit of treatment is not
a human it's a disease and so that's
what we mean when we say that like
allopathic medicine is not about
treating people it's about treating
diseases so our vet actually is it kind
of says like completely different things
so what I Rebecca says is that okay so
we have let's say the approach of our
event is different so let's say that we
have memory we have skin and we have
weight so we're gonna take these three
like really different things and we're
gonna see is there any system to
correlate them into something bigger and
then we're gonna take this fecal oops
we're gonna take this big thing and then
we're gonna take another thing over here
like ah
diet preferences okay and we're gonna
combine those two and see if we can come
up with something even bigger so this is
how our in other words I Rebecca says is
there any correlation between someone's
memory and the type of skin that they
have is there any correlation between
their mental like cognitive fingerprint
like and their weight is there any
correlation between how constipated
their they are and how their heart
functions so what Ayurvedic tries to do
is is it takes individual pieces and
then it tries to construct patterns and
Western medicine does the opposite it
takes a whole thing like when someone is
sick and it tries to divide them into
its component pieces so if you have an
infection you've got coffee and you've
got fever and you've got this and you've
got this let's treat coughed with this
let's treat fever with this let's treat
this with you know the third symptom
with the third thing and so what happens
is like over time you know as people
become sick in western medicine they
have a lot of targeted treatments for
each of their problems so you've got two
medications for your blood pressure
you've got one medication for your
diabetes you've got an asthma
hailer and then you've got like physical
therapy for your knees and then you also
take like tylenol because you have
arthritis so over time like the like
what we do is we treat individual things
so we've got like a treatment here a
treatment here a treatment here and a
treatment here and so people end up with
four treatments right this is how
Western medicine works what I rather
says is is there any correlation between
this is there a broad pattern that we
can observe and if there is that pattern
can we treat this and thereby improve
this improve this and improve this if we
treat sort of the overarching pattern
can we sort of address all of the
components at the same time and so what
our vet that comes up with over here is
something called doshas so these are
elemental balances so what I rather says
is that people who are prone to ulcers
are also prone to anger and irritability
and are also a medium build and also
tend to like lose their hair earlier
than people who like so so this is
something called bitthe okay so like
anyway so--but that has some some
correlated physical and mental
characteristics umm Vata has some
characteristics and kapha has some
correlated physical and mental
characteristics and by improving the
three doshas in and of themselves you
actually treat all of this like the
component symptoms and there's actually
data that supports this okay so now what
we got to do okay I gotta fix this
okay so this is what I did so I got to
fix my thing
I need more space let's do this
so let's move these down
[Music]
get that out of the way
erase this let's fix this okay now comes
the tricky part
what is can dr. K do this
[Music]
we
we missed a why
so
okay so IRA better I rather believes
that we all have a door shake or
elemental balance and what that means is
that we've got these three forces called
Vata Pitta and kapha and that Vata Pitta
kapha have each like a certain level and
that their levels sort of determine what
attributes we have that are physical and
mental
okay so let's talk for a second about so
Vava is like characterized by air v is
characterized by fire and Gotha is
characterized by earth they each also
have second elements but we won't get
into that so the first thing to
understand is like what what Ayurvedic
physicians observed is they notice like
some people are kind of like air or kind
of like the wind and what that means is
that their mental thinking is what I'd
call dynamic so if we think about the
wind like how does the what what is it
what are the properties of wind so it
blows really hard and then it stops it
blows in a different direction and then
stops and then it blows over here and it
blows over there it can blow hard or it
can blow light it can just it's it's
just very variable right if we compare
that to something like fire despite urn
in one direction then randomly turn
around and burn in different direction
and then randomly turn around and burn
into third and then it stops and starts
up again no so fire is sort of driven
focused unidirectional
right these are like fundamentally
different like properties like their
dynamic ways of kind of thinking and
they looked at gafas which is earth and
they noticed like okay there's a third
kind of person who doesn't like move in
a particular direction in sort of a
driven and focused way they're actually
like very stable and constant so they
can also move like earth can move too
like you I mean you can think about you
know I mean I guess we don't really
think about earth moving but they sort
of noticed that there were kind of three
mental types and they what they tried to
do is like assign them certain kinds of
elemental values because that's what
they saw so the other thing with gafas
is they're also water so the other way
you can think about like you know water
sort of always finds away so like I
think about guffaws is kind of being
earth in water so water is gonna like
move slowly and surely so if you think
about the way that like a riverbed
changes over time like a river is going
to like cut into the ground beneath it
it's gonna be slow and steady so maybe
that's a better way to put it slow and
steady
right so we actually have like three
sort of mental qualities so there are
those people that are super dynamic and
they kind of get excited about things
and then they forget about things and
then they lose they buy a guitar and
then they they don't play the guitar and
they're bit those who sort of buy a
guitar and then kind of like play it for
a while and are sort of driven and
focused and then they're coffins that
are slow and steady so the decision to
buy a guitar happens after months of
deliberation but once you get a guitar
you're gonna like practice like oh like
every day for years and years and years
so the three basic like mental
approaches okay so the other thing about
Ayurveda is that each person has a
general like a natural stat in each of
these so your Vaught does a certain
number your Guf has a certain number
your bit does a certain number and then
your diet your environment and other
factors can actually alter those levels
so you can get bata buffs and Botha
debuffs and bit the buffs and fit the D
puffs and cuff up puffs and buffs and
debuffs so the second thing that they
noticed is that like
Vata people tend to be slim in angular
right so they noticed like certain
physical court correlations like most
people who have dynamic minds also tend
to have like a lot of unnecessary body
bodily movement so even if you guys like
look at me like I move my hands a lot
when I talk like even if you look at my
handwriting my handwriting is erratic
right like so dynamic and erratic like
even if you look at this II like this
little thing goes beyond the left like
guffaws are not gonna write like that my
handwriting is about that my movement
serve I thought my mind is about that
and so like even there are certain
characteristics like my nose is like
very angular and curved and sharp so I
also tend to be slim like if you look at
my arm it's like thin right and so
Rafa's tend to be slim and angular
bit.this tend to be a medium build and
then guffaws or what we call big boned
right and if you just look at people on
the street you'll see that there are
like three kinds of people there are
people who are sort of heavyset and
big-boned there are people who are slim
and like they can kind of eat whatever
they want to and they may get a little
dad got but they're not gonna like get
fat right and then there are people who
like even if they eat super healthy are
still gonna be like pretty like heavyset
and it doesn't mean that they're fat or
skinny
it's like slim or sort of like you know
big big boned I mean that's kind of what
we call it right there colloquial terms
and the problem here is that much like
success our society tends to think that
one is better than the other so we place
value judgments on the pit to build we
say that the most attractive people is a
society we place a value judgment and we
say that people who are like kind of a
medium build not too skinny and not too
big bone or actually like the most
attractive we also have a bit the bias
when we think about success so when we
think about the way to be successful we
think about being a bit tough so we
think like okay you should be like you
should study hard and you should like
learn fast and you should be focused and
driven and be like a fire
that's just like you know burning
constantly for a long period of time and
then eventually you'll become successful
it's like focus so let's talk a little
bit about how these different doses
respond to stress because I think this
is a good way to kind of understand like
which one you fall into so vodkas
respond to stress by getting worried
bit.this respond to stress by kid
getting irritable and got fussed
spond respond to distress by getting
isolated let's say and the other thing
if we're talking about mental health
stuff so this is anxiety anger
depression okay so if we think about
like people they respond to stress in
different ways okay yeah so everyone has
all three that's the other thing so it's
just different levels so like what why
do you respond to the most so some
people like let's say you know kovat is
happening and so some people are gonna
like think in different ways so like
people who are quarantined some of them
are going crazy because they're worried
about what's gonna happen in the future
like they're thinking like oh my god
like this is this is awful like I'm
gonna lose my job this is gonna happen
that is gonna happen I'm gonna do this
I'm gonna do that like they're thinking
they're worrying about this they're
worrying about that this person is gonna
do this this person is gonna do this so
they worry about all kinds of things bit
this start to get pissed they're like
man this sucks like screw this guy screw
this guy screw the quarantine screw
trump screw this screw the world screw
kovat like a screw all about you guys
see how those are like fundamentally
different like some people just get
pissed at everything and some people
start panicking about all kinds of
random stuff and those people like
fundamentally respond to the same
stressor in like very different ways
right and then guffaws get sort of
isolated and depressed and they're like
oh my god this is terrible I sucked
everyone sucks everything sucks it's not
worry it's sort of like this sentiment
of being like depressed and isolated
they beat themselves up a lot they're
not like worried about the outside in
the future they're worried about like
this here and now
so I suck at lie
I'm not gonna be able to handle Co vid
you know look at all these other people
who are applying for loans and like
government programs and I'm not gonna
take advantage of those like do you guys
see how these are like fundamentally
different ways to look at stress the
last thing that we'll look at is memory
so vodkas tend to learn quick and forget
quick bit does sort of have a medium
memory in terms of how look quickly
they've learned and how quickly favor
dad and gafas learn slow and never
forget okay so this is like you know
when some people say oh this person has
a memory like an elephant and and so
that's sort of the cuff of memory and
then the Vata memory is like super easy
like they're super dynamic they kind of
savate those are oftentimes perceived as
what we call quote unquote smart so when
I was in med school like I would you
know show up so what you do in med
school in the US as you change rotations
like every couple of months so you'll do
like psychiatry for like six weeks and
then you'll do surgery for like three
months and then you'll do you know like
family medicine for a month and then
you'll like deliver babies for two
months so you're kind of like moving in
different fields of medicine so you can
figure out what you like and so you can
also learn basics of each of those
things and so people like I people were
always impressed because I seem to learn
things very quickly and so people
thought I was quote-unquote smart it's
not that I'm smart it's just that I
learned things quickly but then also
like two months after I left the
rotation I would forget everything I
learned like I wouldn't remember any of
it whereas my Kaufer colleagues they
sort of took some time to kind of get
going right so they sort of had a slow
acceleration in high top speed vodkas
have a fast acceleration in a low top
speed and bit those are sort of in the
middle and and you can kind of see that
in terms of their mental qualities as
well okay so it's not that like a Vata
is better than cough ah our cough is
better than bit or bitna is better than
cough ah although we do perceive it that
way when we think about this we think
that like bit de is essentially the way
to be successful
and so the problem that a lot of people
run into is that they try to be bit
though when they should be like you
shouldn't build your strategy to be bit
though like you're not a bita so if you
have trouble sort of like picking up a
task and getting sort of semi excited
about it relatively quickly and then
pounding it out day after day after day
after day after day like you're not
gonna be successful so let's look at
what I call the curve of work so how
should you structure your life so the
first thing is you figure out and I
think there are some resources on our
discord like Ayurvedic tests that you
can sort of take to to do some
personality analysis and figure out
which one you are so you kind of figure
out okay am i wrought that person am i
bit the person or am i cuff a person you
try to figure out okay which one likes
describes me the best and then depending
on which one you are you should set up a
different strategy to become successful
in life so what are those strategies
let's just think through these okay
so the first thing is I'm gonna describe
something that I call the curve of work
okay so the vatta's work curve looks
like this nothing a bit this work curve
looks like this oh crap looks kinda bad
but let me try to read you that
[Music]
maybe that was a bit the curve and a
cough a curve looks like this okay so if
you think about like how should these
people become successful what we we look
at this person we say this person lacks
follow-through they become bored easily
and if you guys are wondering like you
know if a large percentage of y'all are
vodka as opposed to fit the ricotta
that's not a coincidence
so electronics actually raise your bata
so if we think about like the function
of mind since we started using things
like Twitter and reddit our mind has
become more dynamic literally the amount
of time it spends on a particular
thought or focus before it moves to the
next thought or focus is decreasing
right so like a hundred years ago like
when people used to live in cabins and
like read books and you know like the
pace of society was slower and so their
mind like was relatively more focused on
a particular thing because you didn't
you know there weren't like that many
dynamic things going on now what happens
is our mind is like moving faster and
faster and faster because there's
Twitter there's reddit
okay this post is boring oh my god like
this post is like 6,000 words like I'm
not gonna read that wall of text let me
find something that's like 200 words or
even something that's like six words let
me go to Twitter and find like 15 words
and an image let me find a meme that has
three words and an image and then let me
move to the next one let me move to the
next one let me move to the next one so
where our mind is becoming more Vata
which is why most of the problems that
we see that are increasing tend to be
Vardhan related so a good example of
this is like ADHD is a very like BOTS
the diagnosis it's a mind that
fluctuates very very quickly so the fit
the curve tends to like build up slow
and then they also like do a good job
for a while and then eventually they'll
want elect transition careers so if you
think about like very successful people
you know there's there's a growing
sentiment that if you stay in one job
for 10 years you're not gonna advanced
as much as if you stay for like two or
three years and then move to a different
job and
stay for two or three years and then
move to a different job and that climate
perfectly suits the pizza so if it that
doesn't stay in one job for 20 years
they're like okay what's next
so there's a strong sense of what's next
and that can be good and that can be bad
like we may think so on average that
seems to work pretty well in our current
society but it's very possible that bit
does you know move jobs where if they
had stayed with that company that
company would have continued to grown
and become successful and they would
have like done a good job and then gafas
tend to you know ramp up pretty slowly
but once they ramped up they can hit
like a really high top speed and they
can they should really kind of stick
with it so the problem is that like
guffaws are gonna think that oh I should
move jobs and really they should stick
with it so the people that I work with
that are cough is like it takes them a
year or two to sort of figure out how
the place works and then they start to
like really advance and it's really hard
to stop them once they get going so the
other way to think about this is a Vata
is a monkey app it does Tiger and the
kava is an elephant right and this isn't
like it's not like Tigers or better than
monkeys or elephants it's just each of
these animals has different strengths
and weaknesses and if you want to be
like successful you just need to
understand what your your what your
strategy for success is monkey brain
absolutely tigers are better than
Lucky's interesting so would you guys
say that so let's think about how you
should so so how can you structure a
strategy for your own success that suits
each of these throw shots so the biggest
one with Vata is do lots of things okay
so what I'd say about this is juggle
lots of balls
so understand that as a Vata you're
naturally going to get bored and when
you get bored you should have another
task ready for you that you can engage
in so the biggest problem that vodkas
have is they're like okay I'm gonna
let's say I'm gonna learn how to program
and then once they start like for like a
day or two they're programmed very very
intensively and they're super
enthusiastic and they actually make a
lot of progress right so like I talked
to people who will say that like I do
90% of my work in 10% of my time like
I'll procrastinate till the last minute
and then in 24 hours I'll write like a
really like a pretty good paper like I
may get a B but like I'll write a paper
in 24 hours that takes other people like
three months to write I'll just bang it
out so if you think about that that's
actually like really amazing right it's
people think about that as
procrastination and is that like it's a
bad way to work but if you really stop
and pause and think about it if you can
do three months of work within 24 hours
that's actually an amazing skill just
pause and think about that what that
means is that theoretically you could do
like one semester in one week and if you
figure out how to harness that energy
properly instead of college taking eight
semesters in four years you could be
done in eight weeks like that's what
vodkas are capable of it's bizarre but
the problem is that we don't try to play
to our strengths we don't try to
structure a life that involves intense
periods of work
followed by rest so this is the way that
you should structure your life if you're
about that so I know some authors for
example that have like very successful
Vaught that kind of lives where they'll
like go to a like they'll go get an air
B&B in the wilderness for two weeks and
they'll write like a hundred thousand
words and then they'll come back and
they'll spend the next four months
trying to write five thousand words and
that's / - that's that's fine like you
just understand how you work and then
build a strategy that sort of basis your
strategy should be based on what your
cognitive style is so let's look at
their curve for success so the curve for
success of a Vata involves still looks
like this but this is where what Matt
doesn't need to do is have three
activities that they do right and then
what happens is by the time you get
bored of the third one you're gonna get
interested in the first one again and
then by the time you get bored of the
second one I mean the first one again
then you're gonna go back to this one
and if you think about it like but over
time this is what you guys try to do and
instead your productivity could look
like this so this is about the
productivity and this is what I do so
just think about like me for a second
like I still maintain I'm telling you
guys I'm super lazy like so lazy and the
way that I function is I have enough
random stuff in my day to keep me
stimulated and excited so I do research
I do clinical work with patients I
started streaming like why do you guys
think I did a webinar instead of like
just continuing to stream or like why
did I start why am i doing like
different random things like more
longitudinal stuff instead of interviews
like why do you guys think I'd do that
why don't I just do like 15 hours of
interviews a day like every day it's
because I find it boring it's like I'm
getting tired of streaming streaming is
boring I want to do something else so
let me try this webinar thing and the
key thing for Vata is that when you get
bored of something you want to suit your
mind one wants to switch to something
else but you don't
actually have to switch to something fun
this is the really key thing that you
have to understand you don't have to
switch to something fun to make your
mind feel relieved you just need to
switch to something else that you find
somewhat interesting and that can
actually still be a productive thing so
I'd say that like a good example for
Ibaka's not to get a big guitar but get
a guitar buy a book about like poetry if
you're interested in that and then like
get a video game console and then like
sign up for like a programming seminar
and the cool thing about that is like
when you're tired of programming you'll
get like all you need to do is not like
force yourself to not play a video game
it's like okay instead of playing a
video game let me at least pick up the
guitar or am I ready to pick up guitar
yet and for some people three may not be
the magic number there may be a fourth
one in here right like you don't know
like you have to figure out what your
magic number is my magic number is like
four or five things if I do more than
four or five things I tend to like I
can't do them all properly and if I do
like less than three things it's like
awful I'm bored all the time and I suck
at all of them and so is about that what
you want to do is like maintain a high
level of success and interest in lots of
different things and the cool thing is
that like over time if you do this for
like two years you're actually gonna
have a lot of different projects that
are going well it's bizarre so let's
think about fitness strategies for say
so this is like pretty standard okay
this is like discipline so kind of focus
on one thing and then you know I mean I
feel like people sort of understand the
bitthe strategy so focus so don't get
like so like for business it's important
to somewhat learn how to say no
so this is important for bid those right
because you don't want to take on too
much and like if you're doing too many
things like bit those are actually gonna
struggle so you have like your variety
streamers on Twitch and then you have
your streamers on Twitch who play like
the same game every single day and they
play it for hours and hours and hours
some of them may baby cuff actually so
we can we can look at that we can
analyze streamers if you guys want to
and then yeah okay so what is their
cargoes success look like it basically
looks like this right so like over time
span it's gonna be like that so you're
gonna have basically like two things and
then you're gonna continue and then
there's gonna be you know that then the
green curve is gonna start here and then
like sometimes like bit this will never
come back to the black curve so another
important thing about the the Navotas is
that like they come back to the same
thing so like what VAT does if you want
to grow in a particular direction
instead of digging like a thousand Wells
one foot deep what you want to do is
like pick five wells and big dig one
foot down in your first well dig one
foot down in the second well third
fourth fifth and after you do the fifth
when you get bored of the fifth thing
you may come back to being interested in
the first thing and dig your second foot
down there right so rotate your
attention because your mind is dynamic
between different projects with with bit
those what you want to do is like keep
your attention on one thing and then
like gradually transition to something
else because you're gonna want to move
up and out eventually so good examples
of fit those are like you know I'm
working with someone right now who's an
engineer and like he's been working like
as a as an electrical engineer for a
couple of years and like now he's moving
into like finance and management so he's
like okay that was fun for a while I
really enjoyed it but now I want to like
do something different and it's not like
he's a Vata where like after six months
the bot does like I want to quit my job
he's like okay now I'm ready for
something different so if you're a pizza
you want to like move you know every
couple of years and then let's talk
about guffaws so guffaws are
slow and steady and the main thing here
is don't get distracted by the success
of others understand that you're a late
bloomer if you're a cuppa okay you're a
late bloomer
and so understand that like it's just
gonna take you more time it doesn't mean
you're bad it doesn't mean you're not as
smart it's just gonna take you more time
your mindset is just like it takes you
more time and it doesn't mean that
you're bad or worse but the problem that
cop is the most common problem that I
see cop has run into is they compare
themselves to either vadas orb it does
and they say like oh man these people
are learning this so quickly like I
don't know why I'm not like I'm just
must be dumb and guffaws what they
really need to learn how to do is
understand that it's gonna take them a
while to get up to speed and once you
get up to speed you're gonna be an
unstoppable force but like that's your
path to success
so if oddly enough you know the guff a
path to success isn't actually that
different it's really just ramping up
and then the key thing is that like over
here so I want you guys to like imagine
that you're a toughie and then over here
you compare yourself to fit those and
vodkas and what cuff us see as they look
over here and they're like oh look at
the Vata hit their peak over here and
the bit they hit their peak over here
and like I have like so what they do is
they're like oh these two people are
better than I am but they're not better
than you are they just have different
accelerations and velocities so as a
couple what you need to do is find
something that you like and then stick
with it and then like don't get
distracted by other people who are
moving on to bigger and better things
because you'll do great as long as you
just stick with what you're doing and
you know this idea of like bigger and
badder is like just steer clear of that
that's the biggest problem